Update monitor-openai.md (#299)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/ai-services/openai/how-to/monitor-openai.md

## Dashboards

> Azure OpenAI provides out-of-box dashboards for each of your Azure OpenAI resources. There are two key dashboards to monitor your resource: 1) The metrics dashboard in the AI Foundry Azure OpenAI resource view 2) The dashboard in the overview pane within Azure Portal. To access the monitoring dashboards sign-in to [https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com) and select the overview pane for one of your Azure OpenAI resources. To see the AI Foundry metrics dashboard from Azure Portal, select the overview pane and click "Go to Azure AI Foundry portal". Under tools, select the metrics dashboard.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure OpenAI provides out-of-box dashboards for each of your Azure OpenAI resources. There are two key dashboards to monitor your resource: 1) The metrics dashboard in the AI Foundry Azure OpenAI resource view 2) The dashboard in the overview pane within Azure Portal. To access the monitoring dashboards sign-in to [https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com) and select the overview pane for one of your Azure OpenAI resources. To see the AI Foundry metrics dashboard from Azure Portal, select the overview pane and select "Go to Azure AI Foundry portal". Under tools, select the metrics dashboard.   
```

Microsoft learn style guidance is not use "click" as it assumes that the customer is using a mouse to interact with the site which for accessibility reasons might not always be the case.

> Azure OpenAI provides out-of-box dashboards for each of your Azure OpenAI resources. There are two key dashboards to monitor your resource: 1) The metrics dashboard in the AI Foundry Azure OpenAI resource view 2) The dashboard in the overview pane within Azure Portal. To access the monitoring dashboards sign-in to [https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com) and select the overview pane for one of your Azure OpenAI resources. To see the AI Foundry metrics dashboard from Azure Portal, select the overview pane and select "Go to Azure AI Foundry portal". Under tools, select the metrics dashboard.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Azure OpenAI provides out-of-box dashboards for each of your Azure OpenAI resources. There are two key dashboards to monitor your resource: 

- The metrics dashboard in the AI Foundry Azure OpenAI resource view 
- The dashboard in the overview pane within the Azure portal 

To access the monitoring dashboards sign in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) and then select the overview pane for one of your Azure OpenAI resources. To see the AI Foundry metrics dashboard from the Azure portal, select the overview pane and **Go to Azure AI Foundry portal**. Under tools, select the metrics dashboard.   
```
Edits to align with Microsoft style
